alright guys we are back we are
reassembling an LG rumor or scoop we've
already done the top part here 1 2 3 4 5
& 6 screws have been put back into place
there are some caps right here little
tiny plastic ones that go over it make
your phone look a little bit more flush
with it but I'm not too worried about
those today they're really only for
aesthetic value ok take this piece right
here take flex cable it's going to slide
right through there
they want to take this time to let
everybody know these are for sale and
sell them on ebay there's sixty dollars
this Beatrice screens themselves for
replacement if you need help with the
assembly I definitely can do it modern
underscore communication is there 60
bucks plus shipping and we do send them
up to Canada now we're going to put
three more screws back into place to
hold the slide 1 2 & 3 it is important
that we do those three because there's a
couple other screw holes here we are not
going to use those at this point time
they're used on the next level these are
the very small silver screws
these screws can only be used on this
particular area of the phone so you want
to make sure you use the right screws at
the right point in time okay now we have
put the actual slide mechanism back on
put our key pad in place not a big deal
with this drops right in so now we've
got slide back in okay our flex cable
right here that is where the motherboard
is actually going to connect to the LCD
that is the connector right there it
actually just snaps right into place
just a matter of getting it finagling it
to the right area
as long as I've been putting phones
together I've never found a trick
that'll make this any easier except for
just getting it to snap in at the right
angle there we go now at this point in
time don't wanna lose their keys there
and tell you how many phones I've put
together and left the keypad daughter
very frustrating
all right now there is a small latch
right here when I'm going to push the
motherboard right underneath that it a
lot latch it into place and I believe
there's another one up here you'll feel
it latched when you put it in make sure
your buttons are in the right area then
too
and for aren't there and right there I
should just push right to the back end
and you can just take your actual
buttons themselves and slide them back
in place all right
this point you've actually got your back
piece we're getting relatively close to
being done here the one thing we need to
do is we need to secure the motherboard
okay take the two screws from this level
we have a screw hole right here
in the center of the board that locks
that part in place
we have a second one right here
it is easy to forget those so make sure
you don't they are important the phone
will not work properly without it see
that a screw hole here and a screw hole
here or both of those have been put into
place now the one take your buttons put
them back at the appropriate places I'm
not too concerned about that today
it's just a matter of finagling it now
take your actual back these to your
phone are typically recommend is going
in from the top latch in go hear it snap
and then just push all the way around it
will snap into place you have one two
three four five six screws you have to
put back in
fairly easy to do it should screw right
in you will need to make sure that all
of these screws are left
are put into the rather
level of the phone because our different
sizes for different levels in the phone
that's why I recommend keeping them
separated out as you do it okay so after
you have installed one two three four
five six screws your phone should be
completely assembled again make sure
you've got your buttons in the right
places they just got small they slide
right in the place you want to do that
at as you're putting in the back piece
you have any questions you can email me
at crane dot Walker CRA in wal keer at
gmail com also on ebay modern mo de RN
underscore communications
remind everybody we do sell these they
are sixty dollars plus shipping if you
have any questions don't hesitate just
let me know